README.md, before:

# album-demo — a AngularJS demo app

This project is an [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org/) demo web app.

### Install Dependencies

```
npm install
```

Behind the scenes this will also call `bower install`.  You should find that you have two new
folders in your project.

* `node_modules` - contains the npm packages for the tools we need
* `app/bower_components` - contains the angular framework files

*Note that the `bower_components` folder would normally be installed in the root folder but
album-demo changes this location through the `.bowerrc` file.  Putting it in the app folder makes
it easier to serve the files by a webserver.*

### Run the Application

```
npm start
```

Now browse to the app at `http://localhost:8000/app/index.html`.



## Directory Layout

```
app/                    --> all of the source files for the application
  app.css               --> default stylesheet
  components/           --> all app specific modules
    album-list.directive.js         --> album list directive
    album-list.directive.spec.js    --> album list directive test
    album-list.html                 --> album list template
    photo-list.directive.js         --> photo list directive
    photo-list.directive.spec.js    --> photo list directive test
    photo-list.html                 --> photo list template
    username.directive.js           --> username directive
    username.directive.spec.js      --> username test
    services.js                     --> service resources
    services.spec.js                --> service test (check existance)
    albumsTable.html                --> album list/table view
    albumDetail.html                --> album detail/content photo view
  app.js                --> main application module
  index.html            --> app layout file (the main html template file of the app)
karma.conf.js         --> config file for running unit tests with Karma
e2e-tests/            --> end-to-end tests
  protractor-conf.js    --> Protractor config file
  scenarios.js          --> end-to-end scenarios to be run by Protractor
```

## Testing

There are two kinds of tests in the album-demo application: Unit tests and End to End tests.

### Running Unit Tests

The album-demo app comes preconfigured with unit tests. These are written in
[Jasmine][jasmine], which we run with the [Karma Test Runner][karma]. We provide a Karma
configuration file to run them.

* the configuration is found at `karma.conf.js`
* the unit tests are found next to the code they are testing and are named as `...spec.js`.

The easiest way to run the unit tests is to use the supplied npm script:

```
npm test
```

This script will start the Karma test runner to execute the unit tests. Moreover, Karma will sit and
watch the source and test files for changes and then re-run the tests whenever any of them change.
This is the recommended strategy; if your unit tests are being run every time you save a file then
you receive instant feedback on any changes that break the expected code functionality.

You can also ask Karma to do a single run of the tests and then exit.  This is useful if you want to
check that a particular version of the code is operating as expected.  The project contains a
predefined script to do this:

```
npm run test-single-run
```


### End to end testing

The album-demo app comes with end-to-end tests, again written in [Jasmine][jasmine]. These tests
are run with the [Protractor][protractor] End-to-End test runner.  It uses native events and has
special features for Angular applications.

* the configuration is found at `e2e-tests/protractor-conf.js`
* the end-to-end tests are found in `e2e-tests/scenarios.js`

Protractor simulates interaction with our web app and verifies that the application responds
correctly. Therefore, our web server needs to be serving up the application, so that Protractor
can interact with it.

```
npm start
```

In addition, since Protractor is built upon WebDriver we need to install this.  The album-demo
project comes with a predefined script to do this:

```
npm run update-webdriver
```

This will download and install the latest version of the stand-alone WebDriver tool.

Once you have ensured that the development web server hosting our application is up and running
and WebDriver is updated, you can run the end-to-end tests using the supplied npm script:

```
npm run protractor
```

This script will execute the end-to-end tests against the application being hosted on the
development server.


## Updating Angular

Previously we recommended that you merge in changes to album-demo into your own fork of the project.
Now that the angular framework library code and tools are acquired through package managers (npm and
bower) you can use these tools instead to update the dependencies.

You can update the tool dependencies by running:

```
npm update
```

This will find the latest versions that match the version ranges specified in the `package.json` file.

You can update the Angular dependencies by running:

```
bower update
```

This will find the latest versions that match the version ranges specified in the `bower.json` file.


### Running the App during Development

The album-demo project comes preconfigured with a local development webserver.  It is a node.js
tool called [http-server][http-server].  You can start this webserver with `npm start` but you may choose to
install the tool globally:

```
sudo npm install -g http-server
```

Then you can start your own development web server to serve static files from a folder by
running:

```
http-server -a localhost -p 8000
```

Alternatively, you can choose to configure your own webserver, such as apache or nginx. Just
configure your server to serve the files under the `app/` directory.


## Contact

For more information of me please contact on Twitter [@carlosliu](http://twitter.com/carlosliu)


[git]: http://git-scm.com/
[bower]: http://bower.io
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.org/
[node]: http://nodejs.org
[protractor]: https://github.com/angular/protractor
[jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io
[karma]: http://karma-runner.github.io
[http-server]: https://github.com/nodeapps/http-server

Commit message:

add comment about file structure

README.md, after:

# album-demo — a AngularJS demo app

This project is an [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org/) demo web app.

### Install Dependencies

```
npm install
```

Behind the scenes this will also call `bower install`.  You should find that you have two new
folders in your project.

* `node_modules` - contains the npm packages for the tools we need
* `app/bower_components` - contains the angular framework files

*Note that the `bower_components` folder would normally be installed in the root folder but
album-demo changes this location through the `.bowerrc` file.  Putting it in the app folder makes
it easier to serve the files by a webserver.*

### Run the Application

```
npm start
```

Now browse to the app at `http://localhost:8000/app/index.html`.



## Directory Layout

Adopt a flat directory structure because the simplicity of the demo.

```
app/                    --> all of the source files for the application
  app.css               --> default stylesheet
  components/           --> all app specific modules
    album-list.directive.js         --> album list directive
    album-list.directive.spec.js    --> album list directive test
    album-list.html                 --> album list template
    photo-list.directive.js         --> photo list directive
    photo-list.directive.spec.js    --> photo list directive test
    photo-list.html                 --> photo list template
    username.directive.js           --> username directive
    username.directive.spec.js      --> username test
    services.js                     --> service resources
    services.spec.js                --> service test (check existance)
    albumsTable.html                --> album list/table view
    albumDetail.html                --> album detail/content photo view
  app.js                --> main application module
  index.html            --> app layout file (the main html template file of the app)
karma.conf.js         --> config file for running unit tests with Karma
e2e-tests/            --> end-to-end tests
  protractor-conf.js    --> Protractor config file
  scenarios.js          --> end-to-end scenarios to be run by Protractor
```

## Testing

There are two kinds of tests in the album-demo application: Unit tests and End to End tests.

### Running Unit Tests

The album-demo app comes preconfigured with unit tests. These are written in
[Jasmine][jasmine], which we run with the [Karma Test Runner][karma]. We provide a Karma
configuration file to run them.

* the configuration is found at `karma.conf.js`
* the unit tests are found next to the code they are testing and are named as `...spec.js`.

The easiest way to run the unit tests is to use the supplied npm script:

```
npm test
```

This script will start the Karma test runner to execute the unit tests. Moreover, Karma will sit and
watch the source and test files for changes and then re-run the tests whenever any of them change.
This is the recommended strategy; if your unit tests are being run every time you save a file then
you receive instant feedback on any changes that break the expected code functionality.

You can also ask Karma to do a single run of the tests and then exit.  This is useful if you want to
check that a particular version of the code is operating as expected.  The project contains a
predefined script to do this:

```
npm run test-single-run
```


### End to end testing

The album-demo app comes with end-to-end tests, again written in [Jasmine][jasmine]. These tests
are run with the [Protractor][protractor] End-to-End test runner.  It uses native events and has
special features for Angular applications.

* the configuration is found at `e2e-tests/protractor-conf.js`
* the end-to-end tests are found in `e2e-tests/scenarios.js`

Protractor simulates interaction with our web app and verifies that the application responds
correctly. Therefore, our web server needs to be serving up the application, so that Protractor
can interact with it.

```
npm start
```

In addition, since Protractor is built upon WebDriver we need to install this.  The album-demo
project comes with a predefined script to do this:

```
npm run update-webdriver
```

This will download and install the latest version of the stand-alone WebDriver tool.

Once you have ensured that the development web server hosting our application is up and running
and WebDriver is updated, you can run the end-to-end tests using the supplied npm script:

```
npm run protractor
```

This script will execute the end-to-end tests against the application being hosted on the
development server.


## Updating Angular

Previously we recommended that you merge in changes to album-demo into your own fork of the project.
Now that the angular framework library code and tools are acquired through package managers (npm and
bower) you can use these tools instead to update the dependencies.

You can update the tool dependencies by running:

```
npm update
```

This will find the latest versions that match the version ranges specified in the `package.json` file.

You can update the Angular dependencies by running:

```
bower update
```

This will find the latest versions that match the version ranges specified in the `bower.json` file.


### Running the App during Development

The album-demo project comes preconfigured with a local development webserver.  It is a node.js
tool called [http-server][http-server].  You can start this webserver with `npm start` but you may choose to
install the tool globally:

```
sudo npm install -g http-server
```

Then you can start your own development web server to serve static files from a folder by
running:

```
http-server -a localhost -p 8000
```

Alternatively, you can choose to configure your own webserver, such as apache or nginx. Just
configure your server to serve the files under the `app/` directory.


## Contact

For more information of me please contact on Twitter [@carlosliu](http://twitter.com/carlosliu)


[git]: http://git-scm.com/
[bower]: http://bower.io
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.org/
[node]: http://nodejs.org
[protractor]: https://github.com/angular/protractor
[jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io
[karma]: http://karma-runner.github.io
[http-server]: https://github.com/nodeapps/http-server
